[charts] Allow Y axis to be grouped (#19081)
mui/mui-x: docs/data/charts/axis/axis.md

## Grouped Axes

In order to group `band` or `point` axes together, a user can provide a `groups` property in the axis definition.
This property expects an array of objects with a `getValue` function.

> This feature is available for both X-axis and Y-axis.

Reviewer: If we use "x-axis", then when we want to reference both it would make sense to write "x- and y-axes". [Example from wikipedia](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cartesian_coordinate_system)

> This feature is available for both X-axis and Y-axis.

Reviewer: My understanding is that we should use the plural, but I'm not a native speaker. @mapache-salvaje would you know? I'm curious 🤔

The `getValue` function receives the axis data value and should return a group name.
Each group name will be used as is, overriding any `valueFormatter` for the axis.
Groups are displayed in the order they are defined in the `groups` array.

### X-axis grouping

In the next demo, the x-axis is grouped by month, quarter, and year.

{{"demo": "GroupedAxes.js"}}

### Y-axis grouping

> Similar to X-axis grouping, Y-axis can also be grouped.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Similarly to the x-axis, the y-axis can also be grouped.
```
